better_adj_n_price better price
better_adj_n_reliability better reliability
better_adj_n_care better care
Similar_adj_n_reasoning Similar reasoning
main_adj_n_exhibition main exhibition
shared_adj_n_service shared service
broader_adj_n_issues broader issues
Similar_adj_n_issues Similar issues
short_adj_n_tunnel short tunnel
academic_adj_n_opportunities academic opportunities
main_adj_n_issues main issues
cost-effective_adj_n_care cost-effective care
short_adj_n_sentences short sentences
key_adj_n_government key government
inefficient_adj_n_government inefficient government
German_adj_n_government German government
expectant_adj_n_mothers expectant mothers
better_adj_n_ways better ways
key_adj_n_organisations key organisations
similar_adj_n_phenomenon similar phenomenon
cloud-based_adj_n_service cloud-based service
main_adj_n_partner main partner
entire_adj_n_workforce entire workforce
technical_adj_n_accuracy technical accuracy
Few_adj_n_issues Few issues
technical_adj_n_publications technical publications
flawed_adj_n_assumption flawed assumption
technical_adj_n_power technical power
petty_adj_n_issues petty issues
Haitian_adj_n_government Haitian government
main_adj_n_tunnel main tunnel
tropical_adj_n_jungles tropical jungles
academic_adj_n_organisations academic organisations
evil_adj_n_designs evil designs
key_adj_n_events key events
unhealthy_adj_n_diets unhealthy diets
ample_adj_n_opportunities ample opportunities
grave_adj_n_evil grave evil
flawed_adj_n_reasoning flawed reasoning
shared_adj_n_power shared power
Russian_adj_n_government Russian government
broader_adj_n_engagement broader engagement
main_adj_n_missions main missions
academic_adj_n_administration academic administration
useful_adj_n_feedback useful feedback
technical_adj_n_metadata technical metadata
powerful_adj_n_elite powerful elite
better_adj_n_self better self
main_adj_n_shrine main shrine
main_adj_n_tool main tool
ample_adj_n_precedent ample precedent
Scottish_adj_n_councils Scottish councils
advanced_adj_n_age advanced age
natural_adj_n_assumption natural assumption
similar_adj_n_grounds similar grounds
Social_adj_n_capital Social capital
several_adj_n_works several works
Similar_adj_n_events Similar events
powerful_adj_n_tool powerful tool
concentrated_adj_n_power concentrated power
successful_adj_n_ways successful ways
technical_adj_n_hurdles technical hurdles
main_adj_n_service main service
giant_adj_n_spider giant spider
positional_adj_n_accuracy positional accuracy
brief_adj_n_abstract brief abstract
technical_adj_n_amendments technical amendments
urgent_adj_n_issues urgent issues
German_adj_n_atrocities German atrocities
useful_adj_n_precedent useful precedent
natural_adj_n_erosion natural erosion
broader_adj_n_distribution broader distribution
skewed_adj_n_distribution skewed distribution
everyday_adj_n_events everyday events
several_adj_n_amendments several amendments
key_adj_n_responsibility key responsibility
several_adj_n_commenters several commenters
main_adj_n_organisations main organisations
supervisory_adj_n_responsibility supervisory responsibility
cheaper_adj_n_electricity cheaper electricity
entire_adj_n_capital entire capital
short_adj_n_sleeves short sleeves
academic_adj_n_elite academic elite
main_adj_n_administration main administration
main_adj_n_government main government
successful_adj_n_organisations successful organisations
evil_adj_n_power evil power
main_adj_n_grounds main grounds
powerful_adj_n_ways powerful ways
desperate_adj_n_poverty desperate poverty
Haitian_adj_n_capital Haitian capital
self_adj_n_service self service
academic_adj_n_engagement academic engagement
key_adj_n_partner key partner
several_adj_n_designs several designs
powerful_adj_n_government powerful government
several_adj_n_organisations several organisations
similar_adj_n_publications similar publications
supervisory_adj_n_team supervisory team
annual_adj_n_turnover annual turnover
entire_adj_n_topic entire topic
better_adj_n_accuracy better accuracy
entire_adj_n_lifecycle entire lifecycle
main_adj_n_factor main factor
academic_adj_n_service academic service
successful_adj_n_engagement successful engagement